Meet Miss Ye
Kneel down
Mr. Xue knelt down for Ye Linghan
Who is Xie Linghan?
That's impossible.
That's not possible.
It's over. It's over.
Could it be that Ye Linghan is really the true god behind
It was when I came that I let these young people offend your majesty
Please pay
It doesn't matter if you come too early
I still can't see the death of this person
Don't worry, I'll definitely let these bastards be torn to pieces
No, nothing else.
Taking their money is all about status
More painful than killing them
You are right.
I declare
From today onwards
The four major families in Qinzhou have officially become history
Who would dare to do business with the four major families in the future?
Beijing Group will do its best to encircle and suppress
liu family
The Liu family is finished
I, Lee Group
Almost gone
The centennial of my Wang family
What have I done?
Ji Linghan, you
Are you really some of the leaders I know?
If false, replace it.
Mr. Xue, I can become the president of the Black Gold Group
Have you been silently supporting me behind your back?
Did you not wake up?
A mere Fang family
It has also influenced the black gold group
But you really missed a Ferris wheel.